Feat/toggle (#2590)
twilio-labs/paste: packages/paste-website/src/pages/components/toggle/index.mdx

      fileAbsolutePath
      frontmatter {
        slug
        title
        description
      }
      headings {
        depth
        value
      }
    }
    allAirtable(filter: {data: {Feature: {eq: "Toggle"}}}) {
      edges {
        node {
          data {
            Documentation
            Figma
            Design_committee_review
            Engineer_committee_review
            Code
            status
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
`;

<NormalizedComponentHeader
  categoryRoute={SidebarCategoryRoutes.COMPONENTS}
  githubUrl="https://github.com/twilio-labs/paste/tree/main/packages/paste-core/components/toggle"
  storybookUrl="/?path=/story/components-toggle--default"
  data={props.data}
  description={props.data.mdx.frontmatter.description}
/>

---

<contentwrapper>

<PageAside data={props.data.mdx} />

<content>

## Guidelines

### About Toggle

A Toggle is an interactive binary switch. It should be used in forms when an "on/off" or "yes/no" input is needed. Use label text to describe the purpose of the Toggle. The label text shouldn't change when the state of the Toggle changes. Help Text can also be used to provide additional guidance.

### Accessibility

> Toggle has `role="switch"`. The `aria-labelledby` attribute is automatically set on the component, which ensures that assisstive technology devices can read the Toggle's label. When the Toggle is on, `aria-selected` is set to `"true"` (it defaults to `"false"`).

Reviewer: Issue: it is `aria-checked`, not `aria-selected`

Author: thank you!

Reviewer 2: suggestion: this section would be more clear without the parenthetical
```suggestion
Toggle has `role="switch"`. The `aria-labelledby` attribute is automatically set on the component, which ensures that assistive technology devices can read the Toggle's label. The 'aria-checked' attribute defaults to `"false"`, and is set to `"true"` when the Toggle is on.
```

## Examples

### Default

<LivePreview scope={{Toggle, useUID}}>{basicToggle}</LivePreview>

### Disabled

> 

Reviewer 2: suggestion: might be good to talk about how you can have a disabled state while it's either on or off.

<LivePreview scope={{Toggle, useUID}}>{disabledToggle}</LivePreview>

## States

### On

The default Toggle state is "off"

<LivePreview scope={{Toggle, useUID}}>{onToggle}</LivePreview>

## Usage Guide

### API

#### Installation

```bash
yarn add @twilio-paste/toggle - or - yarn add @twilio-paste/core
```

#### Usage

```jsx
import {Toggle} from '@twilio-paste/core/toggle';

export const Basic = () => {
  return <Toggle>Label</Toggle>;
};
```

#### Props

| Prop        | Type                           | Description                                                                               | Default    |
| ----------- | ------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- |

> | `children`  | `NonNullable<React.ReactNode>` | Pass the label text as children                                                           |            |

Reviewer 2: suggestion: this is more an instruction than description. I think this belongs in the default example and that this should just say "Text that is used as the label"

| `element?`  | `string`                       | Overrides the default element name to apply unique styles with the Customization Provider | `'TOGGLE'` |
| `disabled?` | `boolean`                      |                                                                                           | `false`    |
| `helpText?` | `string` or `ReactNode`        |                                                                                           | `null`     |
| `id?`       | `string`                       |                                                                                           | `null`     |
| `on?`       | `boolean`                      | Controls the state of the Toggle                                                          | `off`      |
| `required?` | `boolean`                      |                                                                                           | `false`    |

> ### Figma

Reviewer: Suggestion: since it's not in figma yet, you can either remove the section or add a callout saying it is coming to figma soon?

Author: yes i removed it! making some other additions to the docs page too
